OSDOCS-14603: assembly and module creation for ESO docs (#93201)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/external-secrets-about.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/external_secrets_operator/index.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="external-secrets-about_{context}"]
= About the {external-secrets-operator}

> Use the {external-secrets-operator} to integrate link:https://external-secrets.io/latest/[external-secrets] with the {product-title} cluster. The `external-secrets` application fetches secrets stored in the external providers such as link:https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager/[AWS Secrets Manager], link:https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault[HashiCorp Vault], link:https://cloud.google.com/security/products/secret-manager[Google Secrets Manager], link:https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/key-vault/[Azure Key Vault], link:https://www.ibm.com/products/secrets-manager[{ibm-cloud-title} Secrets Manager] and integrates them with Kubernetes in a secure and automated manner.

Author: done

> Use the {external-secrets-operator} to integrate link:https://external-secrets.io/latest/[External Secrets Operator] with the {product-title} cluster. The `external-secrets` application fetches secrets stored in the external providers such as link:https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager/[AWS Secrets Manager], link:https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault[HashiCorp Vault], link:https://cloud.google.com/security/products/secret-manager[Google Secrets Manager], link:https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/key-vault/[Azure Key Vault], link:https://www.ibm.com/products/secrets-manager[{ibm-cloud-title} Secrets Manager] and integrates them with Kubernetes in a secure and automated manner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the {external-secrets-operator} to integrate link:https://external-secrets.io/latest/[external-secrets] with the {product-title} cluster. The `external-secrets` application fetches secrets stored in the external providers such as link:https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager/[AWS Secrets Manager], link:https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault[HashiCorp Vault], link:https://cloud.google.com/security/products/secret-manager[Google Secrets Manager], link:https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/key-vault/[Azure Key Vault], link:https://www.ibm.com/products/secrets-manager[{ibm-cloud-title} Secrets Manager] and integrates them with Kubernetes in a secure and automated manner.
```

Author: As discussed on slack making the suggested change.

> Use the external secrets Operator to authenticate with the external secret stores, retrieve secrets, and to inject the retrieved secrets into a native Kubernetes secret. This method removes the need for applications to directly access or manage external secrets.

Reviewer: @KeenonLee IMO to refer the upstream application as `external-secrets` and the downstream operator managing it as `external-secrets-operator` made sense and gave the same input for documentation. It also avoids the confusion. And even the upstream and in CNCF `external-secrets` is used for the application and `external secrets operator` for the operator.

> Use the external secrets Operator to authenticate with the external secret stores, retrieve secrets, and to inject the retrieved secrets into a native Kubernetes secret. This method removes the need for applications to directly access or manage external secrets.

Reviewer 2: @bharath-b-rh 
`External Secrets Operator` or `external secrets Operator`

> Use the external secrets Operator to authenticate with the external secret stores, retrieve secrets, and to inject the retrieved secrets into a native Kubernetes secret. This method removes the need for applications to directly access or manage external secrets.

Author: As discussed, below are used:
namespace : external-secrets-operator
labels: external-secrets-operator
application: external-secrets
Full name of operator: external secrets Operator for Red Hat OpenShift
Operator: external secrets Operator

> Use the external secrets Operator as a controller to authenticate with the external secret stores, retrieve secrets, and create native Kubernetes secret resources. This method removes the need for applications to directly access or manage external secrets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the external secrets Operator to authenticate with the external secret stores, retrieve secrets, and to inject the retrieved secrets into a native Kubernetes Secret. This method removes the need for applications to directly access or manage external secrets.
```

Author: done

> Using the external secrets Operator as a controller ensures the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the external secrets Operator ensures the following:
```

Author: done

> Using the external secrets Operator ensures the following:

Author: checking for the short attribute usage in the above comment. This will be changed globally when approved. So this comment is redundant.

* Decouples applications from the secret lifecycle management.

> * Centralizes the secret storage to support compliance requirements.

Reviewer: Yeah, precisely stated.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * security/external_secrets_operator/index.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="external-secrets-about_{context}"]
= About the {external-secrets-operator}

> Use the {external-secrets-operator} to integrate link:https://external-secrets.io/latest/[external-secrets] with the {product-title} cluster. The `external-secrets` application fetches secrets stored in the external providers such as link:https://aws.amazon.com/secrets-manager/[AWS Secrets Manager], link:https://developer.hashicorp.com/vault[HashiCorp Vault], link:https://cloud.google.com/security/products/secret-manager[Google Secrets Manager], link:https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/key-vault/[Azure Key Vault], link:https://www.ibm.com/products/secrets-manager[{ibm-cloud-title} Secrets Manager], link:https://external-secrets.io/latest/provider/aws-parameter-store/[AWS Parameter Store] and integrates them with Kubernetes in a secure manner.

Reviewer 2: Hi @aravipra 
Following the same format, please use the provider's link instead of the eso upstream documentation link
like 
https://aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/
or
https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-store.html

Using the {external-secrets-operator-short} ensures the following:

* Decouples applications from the secret-lifecycle management.
* Centralizes secret storage to support compliance requirements.
* Enables secure and automated secret rotation.
* Supports multi-cloud secret sourcing with fine-grained access control.
* Centralizes and audits access control.

For more information, see link:https://external-secrets.io/latest/[external-secrets].

Use the {external-secrets-operator-short} to authenticate with the external secrets store, retrieve secrets, and inject the retrieved secrets into a native Kubernetes secret. This method removes the need for applications to directly access or manage external secrets.

> For more information, see link:https://external-secrets.io/latest/[external-secrets].

Reviewer: nit: 
- Do we need to mention this twice, at line 19 and 23?
- Should this be a note kind?
- Or since the link is already listed in `Additional resources` of this section, do we need to explicitly mention it?
